Hi, my name is Brendan Cullen and I'm a Data Science Educator at Posit.
I work with a team of fellow educators who specialize in teaching open source, code-first
data science, and we are really excited to be offering a workshop at PositConf this year,
Introduction to Data Science with R. In this video, we'll share with you a few reasons
why we think you should join us.
The attractive thing about this workshop is that it is a Posit Academy course.
That means you'll learn by doing a six-week online apprenticeship with a Posit mentor
and several co-apprentices.
You'll meet as a group twice a week to work through a realistic project and to get feedback
on your work.
At the first meeting each week, you'll have a chance to just work together and ask questions
with your mentor and your fellow students.
At the second meeting, you'll present your work to everyone else.
This meeting is not optional, but it's the place where you'll get the personalized
feedback that will help you become a better data scientist.
In between the meetings, we'll give you interactive tutorials that you can complete
to learn the materials for next week's part of the project.
As the project draws to an end, it'll be time for conference.
We'll see you there in person during the workshop days and we'll finish up the project
together.
I hope to see you there.
Hi, I'm Sisa Madhikari and I'm one of the content writers here at Academy.
Learning with Academy is both fun and effective.
Because the courses are spread over a couple of weeks, you never feel like you're drinking
from a firehose.
You have time to truly understand a concept before moving on to the next, but it is more
social than a purely online course.
You get to meet the same small group of students and mentor each week, so it's a more fun
and supportive way of learning.
I want to share one final reason why you should join us for this Posit Academy workshop if
you're interested in learning R.
And that is, quite simply, that it works.
We've had great success training hundreds of data scientists, analysts, and researchers
to learn R and to apply it to their daily work.
With Academy, we've developed an evidence-based method for teaching the tidyverse that focuses
on building skills and not only learning facts.
Our approach involves repeated practice and in-depth feedback, which together form a solid
mastery of R that lasts.
So we hope you'll join us and we look forward to seeing you online and in Chicago this September.
www.positacademy.org